- In our last video, we created a very simple,
yet ultimately powerful lambda function that allowed
us to iterate over some request data
and spit it out to the console.
So now let's take a look at how to run
that lambda in the absence of some external trigger.
And this is really a great way
for you to test your Lambdas within the console.
If you don't have access to any
of Amazon's testing tools that you can install locally
on your machine.
So let's navigate back to the AWS management console
and we're going to click on Lambda
and we'll go into our Lambda functions
and we'll click our LinkedIn learning demo.
And you'll see that we have our function
that we created earlier.
Now, from right here, we can click the test function.
Now, what this allows us to do is we can create
a new test event or edit an existing
saved test event.
We will head and create a new one.
The event template doesn't really matter
because all we're doing is giving it
some sort of a structure.
And all we need is a Json payload
For this test.
So we'll name this testing IL.
And we will replace all of this Json payload.
So if you remember, our function took a message.
And for this message, we will simply do a hello
LinkedIn learning.
And we're also going to send it a count
and we'll do it five times.
Now, make sure your Json is structured correctly
and now we will simply create it.
So now that we're back in our code source, you'll see
that there's a warning here that says changes not deployed.
We need to actually commit our code to our Lambda.
And we can do that
within the console by simply clicking deploy.
So now that our changes have been deployed
We can run this function.
So let's select our testing, L I L, and run it.
And what you see here is we get an execution result based
on our function itself.
So the first thing you'll notice here
in the first few lines is we got the response
payload that came back from our Lambda.
And that was something that was defaulted
in from the code editor in AWS.
But you'll also notice that we get all of our log output
and you'll see the log messages start with our request
because we asked it to spit our requests out.
And that requests came in just like we entered it
as part of the test as we might expect
but then we get into the loop to recreate it.
And that loop executed five times
and it printed out, hello, LinkedIn learning.
You'll see the next section here
for execution results actually list the function logs.
And this is the log output that we told our
application to produce.
So we start
with getting the environment variables that are passed
by default to our Lambda.
And in this case, it's the request ID.
Then we start into the log messaging that we produced.
You'll see
that we have the request that we asked it to spit out.
And then we have a loop
of five times that we see that message.
And that's based on the code that we produced.
Then you'll see that we get an end message on that request.
And then we get a final report
and it tells us about the duration,
how much we were billed and the memory size
that we consumed.
Now, a lot of this stuff is configurable,
but within this case,
you'll see we have 128 megabytes.
The maximum we use for our interpreter listen up here
towards the top was 51.
We're in good shape.
Now, as you're building bigger and bigger Lambdas
you can use this test data to actually size your
Lambda appropriately, knowing that the larger, the size
the larger, the costs that you may be paying, but
for the purposes of what we've just done
we've written a Lambda function.
And we did so
in the embedded council,
we executed that Lambda function after deploying it.
And now we can analyze the results.
Now, the sky's the limit from here.
One thing I will tell you from experience is make sure
in real systems that you use structured logging
instead of just printing out data to the console
you're going to want to go ahead
and create some form of structured logging.
It will make it easier to troubleshoot live
production systems.